data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipadd                                         android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipflash                                       android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipmake                                        android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/ipunpack                                      android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/licenses/android-partition-tools/AOSP_LICENSE android-partition-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/aapt                                          android-sdk-build-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/aapt2                                         android-sdk-build-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/aidl                                          android-sdk-build-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/android-sdk-build-tools/LICENSE         android-sdk-build-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sysprop-cpp                                   android-sysprop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sysprop_java                                  android-sysprop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sysprop_api_dump                              android-sysprop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sysprop_api_checker                           android-sysprop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sysprop_type_checker                          android-sysprop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/android-sysprop/LICENSE                 android-sysprop
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apktool.jar                                   apktool-stable
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apktool                                       apktool-stable
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/apktool-stable/LICENSE                  apktool-stable
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/apktool                                       apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/lib/apktool.jar                                   apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/apktool/LICENSE                         apktool
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/img2simg                                      ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/make_ext4fs                                   ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sefcontext_decompile                          ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/simg2img                                      ext4fs-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/lolcat                                        lolcat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/censor                                        lolcat
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/mkbootimg                                     mkbootimg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/unpackbootimg                                 mkbootimg
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/adb                                           platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/dmtracedump                                   platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/e2fsdroid                                     platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/etc1tool                                      platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/fastboot                                      platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/hprof-conv                                    platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/make_f2fs                                     platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/make_f2fs_casefold                            platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/sload_f2fs                                    platform-tools
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/platform-tools/LICENSE                  platform-tools
usr/local/bin/shc                                                                shc
usr/local/share/man/man1/shc.1                                                   shc
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/toybox                                        toybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/toybox/LICENSE                          toybox
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/vdexExtractor                                 vdexExtractor
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/bin/zipalign                                      zipalign
data/data/com.termux/files/usr/share/doc/zipalign/LICENSE                        zipalign
